Updated lookup-table.md with CSV format requirements (#976)
Amplitude-Developer-Docs/amplitude-dev-center: docs/data/sources/lookup-table.md

- **Bulk filter long lists**. You want to see user behavior for a specific region and you have a list of all the customers and their regions. Use this to map each customer to a region, creating a new "Region" property. Now you can filter specifically to each region in a chart.

## CSV example

> The following CSV will create a new property called `Language` that maps to the `SKU` property. This CSV is an example implementation of the **Bulk update property values** use case from the previous section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following CSV creates a new property called `Language` that maps to the `SKU` property. This CSV is an example implementation of the **Bulk update property values** use case from the previous section.
```
